For this problem, you will write a program (by modifying the provided
sortLines.c file) which sorts strings from input files. As we have not
yet covered sorting, we have provided the code that does the acutal
sorting.  You can just call this function, which will sort the data.

  void sortData(char ** data, size_t count);

The sortData function takes two arguments.  The first is an array of strings.
The second is the length of that array.  It will re-order the elements of the
array, such that they are sorted.

Your task in this problem primarily centers around reading the data into
the array from the input file(s), so that it can be sorted.  You will also
need to print the data after it is sorted, and free all of the memory you have allocated.

Specifically, this program should take 0 or more command line arguments.
 - If no arguments (other than its own name) are provided (argc ==1), then 
   your program should read from standard input, sort the lines of input,
   print the results, free memory, and exit successfully.
 - If 1 or more arguments are provided (argc > 1), then your program should
   treat each argument as an input file name.  It should open that file,
   read all of the lines of data in it, sort the lines, print the results,
   free the memory, and close the file.  If any errors occur, your program
   should print an appropriate error message and exit with EXIT_FAILURE.
   If no errors occur, your program should indicate its success after processing
   all of the files.

Note that we now place *no* restriction on the length of any individual line of input.  
You should therefore use the getline function to read an arbitrarily long line of 
input, dynamically allocating space for it as needed.   See the man page for getline
for more details. 

You should make sure your program valgrinds cleanly, including no memory leaks
before you submit it.  As always, submit your code for grading.

We've provided one simple test for you to use to test your program. Run it with:
./test.sh

Hints:
  - Don't forget to abstract code out into smaller function.  In my solution,
    I wrote 3 functions other than main (plus the 2 that are provided).
  - Don't forget to draw pictures!  They are even more important
    as you use pointers more and more.

